this mission is gonna require maximum
stealth when the humans leave the
adventure begins
looking for a blue nun and whose name's
Gnomeo I'm gonna need some kind of
disguise here that is cute
maybe a tad less fluorescent pink in
2011 Gnomeo and Juliet
he's a blue your love is doomed love is
dead
your love is don't you love these days
ready together what do you think for a
3d adventure no I don't get it that's
gonna kick some grass featuring the
music of Elton John
ding gum beneath the part of the coconut
Wow
james mcavoy if that's finding me he'll
bury you under the patio Michael Caine
Jason Statham Matt Lucas
come on Ashley Jensen and Ozzy Osbourne
I'm thinking of a movie it's one word
that starts with spider oh you're good
I can't go I know how you feel
no really I'm starting Gnomeo and Juliet
in 3d two words the first word is
spider-man
okay who's cheating
you